---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "metabase Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Metabase provider allows managing both metadata (collections, permissions groups) and actual visualizations (cards/questions and dashboards).
  While most Terraform resources fully define the Metabase objects using attributes, the most complex ones (cards and dashboards) must be defined using JSON (and possibly templates).
---

# metabase Provider

The Metabase provider allows managing both metadata (collections, permissions groups) and actual visualizations (cards/questions and dashboards).

While most Terraform resources fully define the Metabase objects using attributes, the most complex ones (cards and dashboards) must be defined using JSON (and possibly templates).

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "metabase" {
  endpoint = "http://metabase-endpoint.com/api"

  # Authentication can be done using a username and password...
  username = "email@address.com"
  password = "password"

  # ...or using an API key.
  # api_key = "API key"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `endpoint` (String) The URL to the Metabase API.

### Optional

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) The API key to use to authenticate. This can be used instead of a user name and password.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password to use to authenticate.
- `tls` (Attributes) The TLS configuration to use to connect to the Metabase API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls))
- `username` (String) The user name (or email address) to use to authenticate.

<a id="nestedatt--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls`

Optional:

- `ca_cert_file` (String) The path to a CA certificate file to use to verify the Metabase server's certificate.
- `client_cert_file` (String) The path to a client certificate file to use to authenticate to the Metabase server.
- `client_key_file` (String) The path to a client key file to use to authenticate to the Metabase server.
- `skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) Whether to skip the verification of the Metabase server's certificate.
- `tls_server_name` (String) The name of the server to verify the certificate against.
